all right and that brings us to the
mini-boss all right so the strategy here
is to kill all these little tadpoles as
fast as you can
and once you kill all the tadpoles it's
gonna trigger the big frog fly up and
you gotta jump out of its way before it
lands on you
it's time
then after this it's gonna burp and if
you can get a bomb in its mouth you can
attack its tummy in but I missed right
there besides to fight the tadpoles
again
say get out the way
and toss upon minutes now
and chop the tongue again
all right and that should do it
and he'll barf up your reward which is
the claw shot which is actually one of
the much cooler items again at least I
liked it and if you're interested in
some extra rupees you can use the claw
shot to get to these little caves and
there's three of them around this boss
area I just showed you one home you can
get the recipe want I don't really need
them so I'm just gonna exit out through
here